and people here with this measure the
Minecraft today I'll teach you how to use the
control block for transport
on the site
the sevic
ditta
you come here
put it on the floor wherever you want
the other you put the giant that
Let's see here.
You go there
to that other one to you was
and you see
hertha f3
your keyboard
hence you speaking in 1 x 1 on top x
holland takes the first number the
first number to 84
then you take the second dae is the
first an anti brazil
space 4
I think less
or 4
a set so slow
17 there you go
there that block
If you're playing alone, I do not know
this block you type so the O pp
Pope is possible that tp
bar
p Clothing
and that's not what you posted in that
if I took that number that is 84
is
it's 4
-
1.417 what he earns
OK
that's where it gets
Gutinho is not that
powder
they put a block on a lever
close to tightening up here the young tae
already transported here was also
there plate
It's the same thing that makes it the same
thing you do you will will
on here
It's f 3 Look, see up there and no x
number before the comma 73 1st
a ny that the second reads is the move before
turns on
linen cloth
before the comma is the number minus 13
Okay, I'll go
there in the other
doha
arrives with
chic
okay
Okay, I got there.
are and come here to type
the number of seville
What I want now is sethe lerer.
in the sport node
the point
with lime you can steal
typing 70 and you
- 13
47 china and 347 of this papa talking doc
here is the push button is ok
I was there and now is the press again
touch new talent
I just hope you have enjoyed it in
jewelry please go soon